icons/characters/old_man/old_man.md, before:

# Preview

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00002.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Solemn

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00005.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Happy/Old

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00017.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Vacant/Under enchantment (with lamp)

# Direct Links

[Old Man 1](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00001.png) - Friendly/Sad  
[Old Man 2](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00002.png) - Solemn  
[Old Man 3](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00003.png) - Grumpy  
[Old Man 4](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00004.png) - Crazy/Deranged  
[Old Man 5](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00005.png) - Happy/Old  
[Old Man 6](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00006.png) - Sad  
[Old Man 7](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00007.png) - Happy/Forgetful (with lamp)  
[Old Man 8](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00008.png) - Dopey (with lamp)  
[Old Man 9](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00009.png) - Dopey (with lamp) (cartoony)  
[Old Man 10](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00010.png) - Ragged/Neutral  
[Old Man 11](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00011.png) - Suspicious (with lamp)  
[Old Man 12](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00012.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp) (High Definition)  
[Old Man 13](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00013.png) - Seriously Grumpy (with lamp)  
[Old Man 14](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00014.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp)  
[Old Man 15](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00015.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp) (Simple)  
[Old Man 16](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00016.png) - Serious/Displeased/Monk (with lamp)  
[Old Man 17](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00017.png) - Vacant/Under enchantment (with lamp)  
[Old Man 18](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00018.png) - Grumpy/In a suit (with lamp) (arty)

Commit message:

Added image generation prompt to each image

icons/characters/old_man/old_man.md, after:

# Preview

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00002.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Solemn

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00005.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Happy/Old

<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00017.png" alt="Old Man 1" width="200"/>  
Vacant/Under enchantment (with lamp)

> [!NOTE]
> Each image includes the prompt which was used to generate the image in DALL-E 2 in its "parameters" metadata value - similar to how Stable Diffusion saves the prompt data. You can read the metadata using tools like [https://www.metadata2go.com/](https://www.metadata2go.com/).  


# Direct Links

[Old Man 1](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00001.png) - Friendly/Sad  
[Old Man 2](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00002.png) - Solemn  
[Old Man 3](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00003.png) - Grumpy  
[Old Man 4](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00004.png) - Crazy/Deranged  
[Old Man 5](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00005.png) - Happy/Old  
[Old Man 6](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00006.png) - Sad  
[Old Man 7](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00007.png) - Happy/Forgetful (with lamp)  
[Old Man 8](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00008.png) - Dopey (with lamp)  
[Old Man 9](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00009.png) - Dopey (with lamp) (cartoony)  
[Old Man 10](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00010.png) - Ragged/Neutral  
[Old Man 11](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00011.png) - Suspicious (with lamp)  
[Old Man 12](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00012.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp) (High Definition)  
[Old Man 13](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00013.png) - Seriously Grumpy (with lamp)  
[Old Man 14](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00014.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp)  
[Old Man 15](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00015.png) - Solemn/Expressionless (with lamp) (Simple)  
[Old Man 16](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00016.png) - Serious/Displeased/Monk (with lamp)  
[Old Man 17](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00017.png) - Vacant/Under enchantment (with lamp)  
[Old Man 18](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/pjburnhill/heroquest@main/icons/characters/old_man/old_man_00018.png) - Grumpy/In a suit (with lamp) (arty)
